README.md, before:

<!--
This README describes the package. If you publish this package to pub.dev,
this README's contents appear on the landing page for your package.

For information about how to write a good package README, see the guide for
[writing package pages](https://dart.dev/tools/pub/writing-package-pages).

For general information about developing packages, see the Dart guide for
[creating packages](https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/create-packages)
and the Flutter guide for
[developing packages and plugins](https://flutter.dev/to/develop-packages).
-->

TODO: Put a short description of the package here that helps potential users
know whether this package might be useful for them.

## Features

TODO: List what your package can do. Maybe include images, gifs, or videos.

## Getting started

TODO: List prerequisites and provide or point to information on how to
start using the package.

## Usage

TODO: Include short and useful examples for package users. Add longer examples
to `/example` folder.

```dart
const like = 'sample';
```

## Additional information

TODO: Tell users more about the package: where to find more information, how to
contribute to the package, how to file issues, what response they can expect
from the package authors, and more.

Commit message:

Refactor project structure for developer_tools workspace: Update pubspec.yaml for monorepo setup, add initial pubspec.lock, and remove outdated CHANGELOG. Introduce .gitignore files for packages and example app, and implement analysis options for linting. Add initial configurations for Android and iOS platforms, including app icons and manifest files.

README.md, after:



## Monorepo (Melos)

This repo is managed with [Melos](https://melos.invertase.dev) and [Pub Workspaces](https://dart.dev/tools/pub/workspaces). The main package lives at `packages/developer_tools`; the root is the workspace definition only.

### Prerequisites

- Dart SDK ^3.10.7
- [Melos](https://melos.invertase.dev/getting-started) (optional: `dart pub global activate melos`, or use `dart run melos` from the repo)

### Commands

From the repo root:

| Command | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| `melos bootstrap` | Install dependencies and link workspace packages (run after clone) |
| `melos run install` | Same as `melos bootstrap` |
| `melos run clean` | Clean build artifacts |
| `melos run format` | Format all packages |
| `melos run analyze` | Run `dart analyze` in all packages |
| `melos run test` | Run tests in all packages |
| `melos list` | List workspace packages |

### Versioning and releases

Versioning uses [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/). From the `main` branch:

- **Version packages and update changelogs:** `melos version`  
  Bumps versions from commit history, updates dependency constraints of dependents, and generates/updates `CHANGELOG.md` per package and at workspace root.
- **Prerelease:** `melos run version:prerelease` (e.g. `0.1.0-dev.0`)
- **Graduate prerelease:** `melos run version:graduate`
- **Publish (dry run):** `melos run publish:dry`
- **Publish to pub.dev:** `melos run publish` (or `melos publish --no-dry-run`)

Configure `melos.repository` in the root `pubspec.yaml` to enable commit links in changelogs and release URL generation.

## Additional information

TODO: Tell users more about the package: where to find more information, how to
contribute to the package, how to file issues, what response they can expect
from the package authors, and more.
